docs/index.md, before:

# Mapzen Android SDK

The Mapzen Android SDK is a thin wrapper that packages up everything you need to use Mapzen services in your Android applications. It also simplifies setup, installation, API key management and generally makes your life better.

## Greater than the sum of its parts
Our SDK includes map rendering, search/geocoding, turn-by-turn directions, and location tracking. It's built using the following standalone libraries and services from Mapzen:

- **[Tangram ES](https://github.com/tangrams/tangram-es/)** Our 2D and 3D map renderer using OpenGL ES
- **[Pelias Android SDK](https://github.com/pelias/pelias-android-sdk)** Mapzen Search client and custom `SearchView` extension
- **[On the Road](https://github.com/mapzen/on-the-road)** Mapzen Turn-by-Turn client and navigation utilities
- **[Lost](https://github.com/mapzen/lost)** Our drop-in replacement for Google Play services Location APIs

## Find out more
Check out the rest of the documentation for how to get started or you can cruise around the [source code on GitHub](https://github.com/mapzen/android).

Commit message:

Update index to include places api (#305)

docs/index.md, after:

# Mapzen Android SDK

The Mapzen Android SDK is a thin wrapper that packages up everything you need to use Mapzen services in your Android applications. It also simplifies setup, installation, API key management and generally makes your life better.

# Mapzen Places API

The Mapzen Places API is a drop in replacement for the Google Places API. It provides UI and data components to make interaction between search and maps extremely easy to integrate into your application.

# Greater than the sum of their parts
Together, these two libraries include map rendering, search/geocoding, turn-by-turn directions, and location tracking. They are built using the following standalone libraries and services from Mapzen:

- **[Tangram ES](https://github.com/tangrams/tangram-es/)** Our 2D and 3D map renderer using OpenGL ES
- **[Pelias Android SDK](https://github.com/pelias/pelias-android-sdk)** Mapzen Search client and custom `SearchView` extension
- **[On the Road](https://github.com/mapzen/on-the-road)** Mapzen Turn-by-Turn client and navigation utilities
- **[Lost](https://github.com/mapzen/lost)** Our drop-in replacement for Google Play services Location APIs

## Find out more
Check out the rest of the documentation for how to get started or you can cruise around the [source code on GitHub](https://github.com/mapzen/android).
